Of course.
But it's okay even if you're pregnant
As long as it's the moon
I will admit it.
I've thought about it too.
After I married Mingyue
The first child was given the surname Li
Hahaha
I really can't. Can I incriminate my son-in-law?
Hahaha ouch
Otherwise, this child will be sorted out for more than ten years
Why are you so sensible?
Hahaha, this is his.
About the dowry money
aunt
I can go out to 200,000
200,000
Let me tell you something.
Other people's betrothal gifts are 100,000
You said you were 200,000
Are you still letting people go?
He's married.
You still want to die
What does it have to do with us whether people's children get married or not?
They can't afford the bride price and rely on us
Want me to say
Your brain is just in the eyes of money
You don't ask them what the child means
I told you to shut up
Ouch, ask the child
I told you the child was born to me
I fed him a chopping knife to the dogs
I tell you I won't marry that poor prodigal